The Bible says, when we mix the word of God with faith, we profit.
And we who have believed have already entered into our rest.
And I genuinely believe that we are entering into our rest in 2020.
And God has a word for us this afternoon that is going to push us into our year.
Amen.
And so, open up your heart.
Shake your name by saying, open up your heart.
open up your spirit and open up your Bible.
Because God has a message for you.
I can't feel your excitement.
I can't feel your, you know, have you ever watched horse racing?
You know when the horse is about to go?
He's bristling.
He's already, have you watched an athlete who's waiting for the gun?
Your spirit needs to be excited and agitated.
The atoms, I don't know what they are, but the atoms of molecules or something needs to move.
Your cells need to pile up.
Something needs to happen.
Because God has a word for us.
2019 was a series of victories.
And 2020 is going to be a blast.
I don't know what God has for us, but I know it's going to be spectacular.
If you believe it and you're ready to hear from God, lift up your right hand.
This is the last time you sing this song in 2019.
Sing in disgrace Satan.
Thank you for this opportunity.
We are excited to be here.
Thank you so much for this blessing.
In this new year, as we enter the new year, we are so excited.
We're grateful.
Bless us in these few moments together in Jesus' name.
Amen.
You may be seated.
Now, today is an example
when you must always be connected to the first lab, church, WhatsApp, and information systems.
Otherwise you can miss the time of church.
Today we just decided to have church early.
Sometimes you should have church earlier and sometimes later.
First lab is a flexible church.
So let's get right into the message for the new year.
Want to declare 2020 is a year for the First Love Church.
Churches all around the world is a year of the Great Commission.
Amen.
Year of the Great Commission.
year of the Great Commission.
Amen.
Are you excited about that?
It's your year of the Great Commission.
The Great Commission.
Amen.
And this year,
is going to be your greatest year in following the Great Commission.
Amen.
And that is going to be a great blessing to you as you serve the Lord.
The year of the Great Commission.
Amen.
Matthew 22, verse 37.
That's 36.
Master, which is the great commandment in the law.
And Jesus said unto him, thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, with all thy soul, and with all thy mind.
Amen.
This is the first and great commandment.
And the second is likened to it.
Thou shalt love thy neighbor, ask thyself.
Amen.
So the big first commandment is to love the Lord your God.
With all your heart.
John 14 verse 21.
He that hath my commandments and keepeth them.
He it is that loveth me.
And he that loveth me.
shall be loved of my father, and I will love him, and I will manifest myself to him."
Amen.
Verse 23, Jesus answered and said unto him, If a man love me, he will keep my words.
And my father will love him.
We will come to him and make our abode with him.
All right?
Now,
If he that has my commandments and keeps them, he it is that loves me.
There are many things that show love.
And it's not easy sometimes to define love.
So there are some people when you say, I love you, they will even ask you what exactly do you mean?
when you say, I love you.
Huh?
Yes.
And then they will say, I like you.
They will say, I need you.
But people actually mean different things when they say I love you.
People have different ways of showing love.
That's why the songs of Solomon says, how sweet is your love?
It is better than wine.
Because there are different kinds of love.
And because there are different kinds of love, you experience people differently.
There are people who say, I love you.
But the person who is receiving the love or claimed to be loved has no experience of love.
Do you get what I'm saying?
Yes.
But the person who say, I love you.
And depending on who it is, the person
will say, I love you, I love you.
So Jesus is so beautiful.
I like this, I like this about Jesus.
What do I like?
Jesus asked, somebody asked Jesus, what is the greatest commandment?
What is the most important thing for you to do?
Because there are many, the commands in the Bible are more than 1,000.
And he said, if you love me,
keep my commandments.
That's how to express love to me.
Yes.
You can't send him a card.
You can't send him chocolates.
You can't send him money.
You can't say I love you.
You can't text him.
You can't WhatsApp him.
You can only keep his commandments.
That's the only way you can love him.
And loving God is the most important thing for you and for me, to love God.
Yeah.
Now, when you love God, right?
When you love God, you are targeted by God.
Wow.
John 14, 21.
When you love God, He that has my commandments,
and keep at them.
He it is that love me and he that love me shall be loved of my father and I will love him.
I will love him and I will manifest my love to him.
God targets you to love you when you love him.
Are you with me?
Don't marry anybody who doesn't love you.
Please, don't be fooled by I love yous.
Don't be fooled by I love yous.
Yes.
Define what you mean by love before you start accepting it.
Some people even when they say I love you, you should give them a backhand slap.
It's not true.
Shut up.
He that has my commandment and keep at them.
Now look at verse 23, John 14, 23.
Jesus answered, if a man loves me, he will keep my words.
And my father will love him.
Then we will come to him.
We'll locate him in his house.
We'll find your area.
We'll find your country.
We will come to him and make our boat with him.
Wow.
Be afraid of God lovers.
God lovers are the most dangerous people to play with.
Because God will be in their lives in a way that is not so easy to define.
Be careful of lovers of God.
Yes.
God lovers are the most powerful people on earth.
He says we will come to him and make our abode with him.
How many want to be a God lover?
It's 2020.
You be a God lover.
Amen.
Now, Romans 8 to 28.
And we know that all things work together for good to those who love God.
When you love God, things work together.
Even bad things work together.
Now, I don't know if you've watched James Bond before.
Do you watch James Bond?
You've seen some before.
Every time, this verse, any time you see romance into it, just you can write by the side, James Bond.
Have you ever watched a James Bond film which all things don't work together for good?
He always ends up in the film with
a lady in a boat somewhere on a honeymoon or some kind of whatever, your life will end up in a honeymoon in Jesus' name.
Always!
In a boat, you see, somewhere good at the end of the film.
Yes.
Years ago, I remember watching a James Bond film many, many years ago.
And he was somewhere and somebody put a spider in his bed.
And that spider, when it bites you, you will never live.
Yes.
But he survived.
He went to eat in a restaurant and he was sitting there eating when suddenly the floor where the table was started to rotate.
And he turned around and he entered another room and a wall closed behind him.
And suddenly he was in another space.
The table, he was sitting on a table drinking and suddenly shoo.
And he was out of the restaurant and in another room
with the enemy and they were just looking at him as I see now and they surrounded him.
But all these were together for good.
He has rather seen the enemies.
And that film ended with him either in a boat somewhere, happy drinking something, having a good time.
He rather saw the enemy and saw the strategies of the enemy.
Another time, he was on an island.
He was put on an island.
a small island, and the island was surrounded with water all around, and the water was full of crocodiles.
And then, I think there was a man with the hand, the hand is, the hand is something like pliers, metals.
The man was, and then they laughed and they put him there, then they withdrew the bridge, and then they put meat all around him.
And all the crocodiles saw that there was meat and they all started coming.
And he was there.
You see, every crocodile which has surrounded you in 2020, you will escape.
Because God lovers escape such things.
It seems as if it's over, but it's not over.
It's true.
So I was wondering, I remember the first time I watched it a number of times, I was thinking, this one there,
How will he come out of this one?
And as he was standing there in the crocodile house, he was there and suddenly he took a decision to run on the heads of the crocodile.
He jumped over the crocodile heads and came to the other side.
I said, this one there.
All things work together.
So he used the crocodile.
I tell you, your crocodiles will work together for your good.
they had left him there.
The bad people had gone away.
So it worked out for his good.
Now he was free.
And then he went back to set the whole place on fire.
He set the whole place on fire.
Yes.
You are escaping from every surrounding thing you are right in Jesus' name.
So these are things for God lovers.
Yes.
All things work together.
Whatever has made you cry this year.
it will not exist in 2020.
Beginning from now you will be you will be laughing every day of 2020 in Jesus name.
So the very great great commandment that Jesus gave before he went away to heaven was in Matthew 28.
Let's look at verse 19.
and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost.
Go ye therefore and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Son, Father and the Holy Ghost, to observe all things, whatever I have commanded you and lo, I am with you.
always.
Hallelujah.
Now, this is the last command of Jesus before he went out of this world.
So, we are going to dedicate ourselves in the first love church, churches worldwide, to the great commission which is the last great commandment of Jesus.
before he went out of this earth.
And as we give ourselves wholly to this endeavor, it means we are loving God because he has shown us how to always love somebody the way the person says he feels love.
Always love somebody in the way that person says interpret love.
Don't love the way you think is love.
If you marry me and you come to present me okra, okra soup and I don't eat it.
I don't eat it.
It's not nice to me.
Yes, it may be small.
You may think I've really made a nice okra.
What do you call delicacy?
I've made it power for him.
I mean, this is it with the crabs.
Wille.
Nga.
Ka.
Wa.
Tuna.
Mini.
You've made it powerful.
I mean, I don't eat it.
So it's your love, but it is not nice to me.
In fact, when I see it, I don't want to tell you what I think about.
Shall I tell you what I think about?
We are on live stream.
So your love may actually be something unpleasant for me.
It may be zero to me.
It may even be negative.
Yes.
So when it comes to our Jesus, our love for God, he's told us clearly, this is what I like.
This is what I like.
One day a sister came to see me.
That time the church was at Colegono.
She said, I have a problem.
She said, my husband,
wants me to make something.
I said, what is it?
She said, but I'm afraid of it.
I said, what do you mean?
I'm afraid of it.
She said, it's bat stew.
Do you know bats?
Ampire.
Bat stew.
And I said, why are you afraid of it?
She said, when I see the faith in it like that, I become afraid.
That's what the person likes.
So if our father says me, I like great commission.
Chale, we have to do the great commission for him.
We have to do the great commission for him.
That is what he likes.
And that's what makes him happy.
You don't know why it makes him happy.
And we don't need to know why.
Why do you like this?
When I got married, my wife was making
come beef stew for me.
And my mother-in-law told her daughter, that's not food.
You don't have to make such food.
And she told him, that's what he likes.
That's what he likes.
Yes.
You can't come with your own ideas.
God loves worship.
So I'm going to have a worship at this year.
I'm a year of worship, year of praises, year of this.
You, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you thought realize you made a mistake.
God has told us, go ye into all the world.
That's what seems to make him very happy.
In fact, it changes his mood when you decide to laugh the lost that he died for.
We see the story from the prodigal son that the prodigal son, when he came home back to his father after messing up big time and wasting himself, he wasted his substance on Raiotos living.
It was his coming back that changed the attitude of the father.
The other son was perfect in the house.
Every time he never did anything wrong.
But it was when the prodigal son came that the father did something he had never done before.
And you know what that was?
He took a calf, a cow, and slaughtered it and made a party.
Now how do I know that I have never done it before?
Because when the elder son came, the first said, I've been with you all these years.
You have never done this party for me.
Wow.
So if we want to change God's mood, you'll be surprised at what changes his mood.
To have a party is to reach the lust that Jesus came to die for.
And to focus and give ourselves wholeheartedly to this eternal commission that Jesus has given to us.
Give yourself.
completely, wholly to this mission.
Unreservedly.
Amen.
That's the way to love God and that's the way to make your life become a life that is like a Superman.
You know, throughout my ministry, there are things I've met that I didn't know how to come out of and I didn't know how this can be a good thing.
But one thing that I have even I've met people who have been and yielding and yielding and changing and I've always had the whisper of the Holy Spirit telling me this thing that is not changing will wet out for your good if you have faith in me and I've not I've not failed in all my work
with the Lord to see something that I don't understand, that I can't change, that I try to change, but I can't change, that it does, I've not seen one yet that I do not turn out in the end for good, in the end, in the end.
Yes.
So in the end, as I said that, at the end of, if you like, take every James Bond film
starts with him either jumping out of a plane or being chased somewhere.
And it always ends with him with a girl drinking tea or drinking champagne somewhere.
I mean having fun.
You understand fun?
Fun.
Fun is fun.
Depends on where you come from.
Are you with me?
Yes.
So in the end, you'll be in that boat.
Having a great time with the Lord.
So all we have to do is to give ourselves unreservedly to this great mission.
This is his last words.
Go to the world.
Just believe it.
Don't try to change the world with politics.
Don't try to do anything.
Just try to do that.
Just give yourself to that.
That's what he likes.
That's what he wants.
Give him what he wants.
I think I have a song like that.
Is there a song like that?
Do what he likes.
Is there not a song like that?
That's the protocol of the palace.
Yes.
Do what he likes.
Huh?
Yeah.
Do what he likes.
Not what you want.
Do what he wants.
Do what he likes.
You know, when I preach like this, it's as though, are there no problems in the world?
Are there no issues?
Is there anything practical that you want to address, please?
These things you are talking about, we don't know how it affects our lives.
That's what I'm telling you how it affects your life.
I'm telling you how it affects your life.
It is how it affects your life.
You love God.
It means you love God.
And he says, if a man keep my, he that has come, my father and I will come to him.
And then we will manifest.
I see God manifesting in your life.
We'll manifest.
Manifestations in your life.
Yes.
Are you there?
So now let us quickly look at the main elements of this great commission.
Number one, it is a great
commission of power.
You are going to see power manifested in your life all through 2020.
Yes.
Because Jesus said, all power is given unto me.
All what?
Power is given to me.
Go therefore.
In other words, there is now power
If your father tells you, look, I have a lot of money, go and look for a land.
We are going to build a house.
It's because the money is connected to the project that he's given.
That's why he's telling you, look, I have enough money now, so go and look for land.
So the money that he says he has is connected to the land.
And you need money for the land for your project.
So when he says all power is given to you, it means that the power is connected to the gospel preaching.
And that without that power,
You can't really do the gospel preaching, because it takes power.
Most churches don't preach the gospel.
But we are going more into power.
So when you are into gospel preaching and teaching throughout 2020, you'll be found as a preacher.
People will, at the end of the year, say, ah, preacher, Paul, preacher this, preacher that, preacher whatever, in Jesus' name.
Power.
When we started Healing Jesus campaign, I thought, that's the end of money.
We are going to waste money and have nothing, because you can have a crusade, you get nothing.
But rather, more people give.
It even amazes more.
They give, they support it.
It's amazing.
Yes, because there's some power now available that we've taken, although our churches are churches, good churches doing whatever
And so on.
It's like more power becomes available when you start to reach out.
Yes.
More power.
So the gospel preaching and the great commission is a commission of power.
Beginning from now and continuing all the way to the end of 2020.
Power will be available for you.
And God is going to give you supernatural victory.
and every battle in Jesus' name.
Are you there?
The gospel of Jesus Christ.
Number two, it is a commission to go.
Go.
Go ye therefore and teach all nations.
Amen.
Going.
As you go, the blessings come.
Go.
He will be with you.
He says, I will manifest myself to him when you go.
Only good things have come to us by sending missionaries.
Only good things have come by letting people go.
Only good things.
Yeah.
God has not decreased us by sending missionaries to Cameroon, to Nigeria, to Togo, to Benin, to Senegal.
to Guinea Bissau, to Guinea Conakry, to Guinea, to Mali, to Niger, to Bukina Faso.
God has not reduced us for sending missionaries to Central Africa, to Uganda, to Kenya, to Rwanda, to Burundi.
No, no, no, at all.
It hasn't reduced us.
Going is a very important thing.
And first lovers, we are going to be more, but you see, the difference between first love church
And the UD is that the first love church are the children.
Children are more, if there are children here, you see them running here.
And the elderly people will be sitting down, cooling, they'll be watching.
And the older ones will be even asleep.
Okay, they will be asleep.
The older you get, the less mobile and the less movement there is.
Yes.
Mercy.
So missions, go, go, go.
Yeah.
Those of you who want to be in full-time music, don't think of staying in a car.
Don't think of I'm going to come and find a job here.
Most jobs are shrinking.
Why?
Because computers and so on are changing the jobs.
They are becoming something small.
What used to be a big thing, a computer does everything.
I don't even know why people do architecture still because you can design your house on your computer.
Yes.
How will you go and do architecture for seven years, six years, when you just take an app and then 30 minutes you'll design a house?
Jobs are shrinking.
Computers are diagnosing cancer faster than human beings now.
And doctors are even soon they will be fewer.
They will not be needed in that way.
Yeah.
So don't think how I'm going to be full time and I work in the church office to do this and to do that.
What we need are goers.
Goers in America, we need people to go.
In England, we need people to go.
In Ghana, we need people to go.
People must go.
There must be going.
There must be movement.
You must take up the mission and say, I am going to this country and I can go there.
I will live there.
God will be, you will now see the power working.
That's why you see that there is power in your life.
Yes.
And the first love church, the difference between us and the UD is that when I said go, years ago, when the UD was younger,
Many did not want to go.
And many did not go.
Yes.
But we are going to go.
And never think that you are too precious to go.
It's rather when you are precious that you must go.
The best and the dearest.
How many are going to be part of the going congregation?
Going to the ends of the earth.
Hallelujah.
So, go ye therefore.
Never be afraid of where God is sending you.
Never look at the address to decide whether you will go or not.
Just go.
Everywhere will become the nicest place when you learn just to go because God says go.
everywhere will be the nicest place in the world.
Yes.
Everywhere.
You are the one who's going to bring the light to that place.
Yes.
There's no island.
God has shown me we are going to the last island in this world.
Yes.
Recently I was watching the Japanese invading islands during the Second World War and I saw many islands I've never heard of before.
Yeah.
Many, many, many they fought
Thousands of Japanese and Allied forces were killed.
Strange names.
Strange, the Mariana Islands and Abyss.
Strange Island.
Plenty people everywhere.
You'll be there.
How many want to be in the South Pacific Islands?
Captain Cook Islands.
Is it Hook or Cook?
Hook.
Cook, yeah.
You'll be there.
People ask you, are you mad?
Stay in your mental state at where you are.
See you later.
Hallelujah.
It's going to be a time of going.
Amen.
Number three, the Great Commission is gonna be a time of teaching.
It says, go ye therefore and teach all nations.
You are going to teach more than you've ever taught before.
A young person who can teach like this.
Wow.
Do you know when I started teaching the word years ago?
When I was about 18 or 19, I was teaching.
I've been teaching the word since I was a teenager.
Yeah.
Today, teaching is a wonderful thing, just teaching.
I'm invited all over the world just to teach.
They'll tell me, don't speak, we don't want you to speak more than, when you go, they don't want you to speak more than a certain time.
40 minutes, please.
No matter how good your message is, never go above 40 minutes.
Wow.
And it doesn't change anything.
They like it as short as that.
for me to fly as many as thousands of miles, just teaching what I was doing from a teenage.
My medicine that I learned, that's not what has taken me all over the world.
As I'm standing here, they are harassing, I'm being harassed with invitations.
Do accept it, even today.
Do you accept it?
Do you accept to go?
Do you accept?
Yes.
and being harassed to accept invitations.
So in the end, I said, accept it for now.
You accept it for now.
You'll be invited everywhere for teaching in the name of Jesus.
It is your year of the great commission.
You are going to become one of the most amazing teachers.
Teaching will be more important than what you are learning in the school.
You'll be more important from the teaching of the word
than for anything you have learned in school.
In the name of Jesus.
Many things we learned in school are not happiness.
How many have learned some things in school that is not really helping?
Huh?
One of the things I don't think is helping me much is dissection of a frog.
Did you dissect a frog?
I dissected a frog.
But there's only one thing that I learnt from the dissection of a frog.
Shall I tell you?
Are you sure you want to?
You don't want to know that I'm not.
Are you sure I should tell you?
Okay.
One day we dissected a frog and our teacher decided to dissect a second frog.
So he dissected two frogs and the frogs were still alive even though they had been dissected.
Then he took a cigarette
and put a cigarette on one of the frog's mouth so that that frog will be smoking.
And the other frog will not be smoking.
And then we went and we came.
When we came back, the frog which was smoking, the lungs were black.
And the one which was not smoking, the lungs were white.
And it showed this is the effect of smoking.
So I never forgot that.
When I saw that, I said, hey.
And they said, when you smoke a cigar, it's 40 times
One cigarette.
It's 40 cigarettes in one.
Cigar.
And almost every disease is associated with smoking and drinking.
Anyway, so most of the things we learned have not helped us.
This is one of the few things that helped us.
But apart from that, what you learned in the Word of God, is it helping you in your life?
Yeah, it helps you every day.
Every day is guiding you, is helping you, is teaching you, is bringing you more and more and more into the will of God.
So your teaching skills are going to be wow.
When you teach, people will be enthralled.
They will be fixated on you as you teach.
They will be saying wow.
Wow.
You'll say what a message.
What a word.
They will stand up even when you are preaching.
Yes.
They will be stand up and say,
Somebody is turning up when I'm preaching and I'm teaching.
It's gonna happen practically.
Because the Word of God is life.
The Word of God is God.
So when you minister the Word of God, you are ministering God to people.
So we are going to become the best teachers.
Those of you with British accent, your British accent will be very, you know what I mean, very,
Lovely, lovely, lovely preaching, you know?
Those of you with American accent, glory to God, your preach is going to be powerful.
Every accent God is going to, so God will use your, and this is your voice, your accent and the way you are.
Oh, it's to be too beautiful.
The brothers will be used.
God will use your face and how you are and everything to preach.
The ladies, God will use your sub-boys anyway.
You need to pray powerfully.
It will be too beautiful.
Wow.
It's going to be wonderful.
I'm going to be surrounded by teachers.
Yeah.
When I'm teaching right, thoughts will be occurring to you that you can teach it better than me.
You don't want such thoughts to occur to you.
Look, there will be some things you can do better than me because you may have some windows.
I've never heard such windows before.
It's true.
Windows of teaching.
I tell you that when you say the window and you keep the example, say, wow.
You say, daddy, preach this one, but tell
Brother, so I can't even say, but when I talk to people, it's just water.
It's going to be fantastic.
Yes, you have a job from teaching.
You have a job from preaching.
You are going to be the best teacher in the best teaching.
And every time you stand up and you hold your Bible and start preaching and teaching, God will be looking at you and say, look at my, look at my favorite child.
Look at my favorite child.
She's always talking about me.
She's always standing and holding a Bible talking about me.
She's always preaching about me.
She's always doing what I say.
Amazing.
God here has shown us what he likes.
There are some people when you marry them, you don't know what they like for a long time.
Some people don't even say anything, no.
They don't say it's nice or they don't say thank you.
Whatever you give, they just swallow everything.
They just swallow everything.
It's amazing.
Yes.
You don't even know whether he likes it.
Have you seen such people before?
They have a catalytic disorder.
They are like a snake which eats the hoofs.
everything, everything.
Amazing.
Beautiful.
Tell your neighbor, I like your teaching.
You are a great commissioner.
Wow.
Then the great commission is a great commission to baptize.
Amen.
Next year, in a few minutes, we are going to be entering the new year.
In fact, we've already been informed that 2020 is a year of turning your morning into dancing.
Because we've heard from Australia they are already crossed into 2020.
You know, the earth is moving at 107,000 miles per hour.
So we are moving very rapidly to the next day.
So you're going to be baptizing.
There will be more baptisms.
Baptizing in water and baptizing in the Holy Ghost.
Every time you baptize somebody, Jesus is happy.
Remember when we started the church, we had baptism over here?
Yes.
Every time you baptize, Jesus is happy.
We do it every Sunday.
Every Sunday.
And then baptism in the Holy Spirit with speaking in tongues.
Every time you pray for somebody to be baptized with the Holy Spirit, you are pleasing God.
You are making him happy because he said, go ye, teach all nations, baptize them.
So we have to baptize people with the Holy Spirit and baptize people with water.
This year, 2020.
If you haven't baptized somebody before, this year you'll baptize somebody in the name of Jesus.
If you haven't baptized somebody in the Holy Spirit before this year, you'll be baptizing them in the Holy Spirit.
You lay hands and then they will start... How many have never prayed for somebody to receive the Holy Spirit and speaking in time?
Raise your hand.
Most of us haven't done it before.
So you see, this year, I want you to become a baptizer.
A Baptist.
Find out your neighbor's name and
mention his name something the Baptist Joel the Baptist potassium the Baptist Curtis the Baptist Nathan the Baptist Wow Adoniram the Baptist you be a Baptist
You'll be a baptist.
You'll be a baptizer.
And if you have a chance, record the number of people you baptize.
So you start, these are the achievements.
Yes, these are the achievements.
I baptize three people.
I baptize four people.
I baptize twenty.
I baptize the Holy Spirit.
These are your targets.
Twenty people in the Holy Ghost.
I baptize thirty people.
Yes, keep the records.
baptizing them in the name of the Father, in the name of the Son, and the name of the Holy Ghost.
Hallelujah.
Yes.
And God will bless you mightily.
You are the Baptist.
You are a Baptist.
Hallelujah.
And then number five, it is a commission to go to all nations
all nations.
The Holy Spirit has whispered to me, all nations.
Now we are going to all nations.
And we are going to nations that don't speak English.
Language will no longer be a barrier.
Look, English is just limited to some few people.
Yes.
Recently, my wife was on a flight and she met a young team of people that were coming from Brunei.
Yeah, Brunei.
Do you know where is Brunei?
It's a place, oh.
And they said it's a country.
It's a whole country on its own.
Yes.
Not what?
KNUSD has a hostel called Brunei.
Brunei.
So throughout this year, first lovers are going to be landing in nations.
And you'll be saying, I've arrived.
And I want to say that if you can arrive in a nation and win
12 people before you die, you have accomplished the greatest work for God.
If you can arrive in a nation and can win 12 people, how many did Jesus win?
How many disciples did he have by the time he finished his life's calling?
12 people, 12 real people,
Just 12.
So that's the mission I'm sending you to.
Jesus said, ask my father I sent me, so send I you.
If you can go to Brunei and win just 12.
I don't mean built a thousand members.
No, no, no, no, no.
No.
Ask my father send me, so send I you.
And you are able to win 12 people for God in one nation.
Bruneians, 12 Malaysians,
12 Indonesians, 12 disciples, 12 Chinese.
Remember when the Chinese man came to give themselves holy?
It was a great thing.
If we can, if you can go to China and with 12 Chinese men or men and women, 12 real Chinese souls that you've discipled and it's, to me, you have achieved a great commission.
That's why he sent us to all nations because when you have this understanding, you can go to every nation and spend your time there.
If it's to find a job, whatever, know how to stay there anywhere.
Look at our pastor who went to Rwanda.
He's got to have got Rwandans real.
Peter Brighton, uncle, where are you?
Stand up.
Peter, where are the other Rwandans?
These are, yeah.
Look at this, all these real Rwandans.
Yes.
Do I have Burundi disciples here?
Is there any Burundian disciples?
Are they here?
Not yet here?
Yeah.
But look at a national.
A nation of 12 disciples.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven.
Yeah, I wonder.
Is this a Burundian lady?
Wow.
If you can win 12 people from a country you've never been to, but you read about on the news, and you see our pastor has been able to win.
Sister from Burundi, sit down because you are confusing the picture.
Sit down from Burundi.
Sit down this way.
Sit on the front here.
Just Ruan, I've got to thank God only Ruan has now.
Beautiful.
Aha.
Just sit right there.
All things were together for good.
Oh, somebody give her a place.
Just share a seat with her.
You never know, she may be important to your life.
12 Rwandans, amazing, go to a country and make disciples.
And win 12 real people.
And these ones are so real that they've even come to Bible school.
How many years have you been to Bible school, Peter?
This is our second year.
And four came this year, new students from Rwanda.
Wow.
Some have already been here for four years and gone real.
So every nation, we don't need to speak the language.
Speak some of your language to us.
Tell the people something in your language.
What language is that?
You see, you've not heard of it before.
It's not Swahili.
It's not French.
It's not, I mean, whatever.
It's not Dan.
It's not Chi.
It's not English.
And when you are in Rwanda, they use the language so much that if you buy credit on the phone, this is the language they use.
They don't use English and change or French.
That's the language.
If you don't speak this, you can't stay there.
We have 12 disciples.
We have disciples.
Every nation is going to see you landing there in Jesus name.
Amen.
We are going to love God and everything is a lot.
I'm loving your watch.
Oh, is it not true?
How many are happy you can just find out what he likes so that you just do what he likes.
Do what he wants.
That's the protocol of the palace.
Do what he likes.
Do what he wants.
Thank you guys.
Thank you.
And number six, the great commission is a commission of his presence.
His Jesus said, low I am with you.
Low what?
And low I am with you always, even unto the end of the world.
So it's a commission of his presence.
Genesis 39.
Beautiful.
And Joseph was brought down and the Lord was with Joseph.
And he was a prosperous man.
Amen.
He was what?
Why was he a prosperous man?
Because the Lord was with him.
you'll be prosperous because the Lord is with you.
You'll be prosperous because the Lord is with you.
Amen.
And look at verse three, Genesis 39 verse three.
And his master saw that the Lord was with him and that the Lord made all that he did to prosper in his hand.
So God presents with you when you obey him.
He says, no, I am with you.
I am with you when you are preaching my gospel.
I am with you.
Lo, I am with you.
I am with you when you are preaching my word.
I am with you when you are doing the great commission.
I am with you.
Lo, I am with you.
As you preach my word, lo, I am with you.
Wow.
Do you want him to be with you?
And look what happened when the Lord is with you.
And the Lord was with him and made all that he did to prosper.
So you become like a superman.
Yes.
He says, when a man keeps my commandments, I will come to him and I will love him.
How many would I go to say, I love you?
Wow.
Is it not amazing?
I love you.
Beautiful.
God is going to make all that you do to prosper.
The Lord was with him and made all that he did to prosper.
The presence of God is with those who keep the great commission.
Amen.
And finally, it is a great commission to the end of the world.
Look at it, Matthew 28.
I am with you always even to the end of the world.
So this commission is to the end of the world.
It has not been changed and it will not change.
No new commandments.
If you work in the army, you learn one thing and they say that until there's a new order, you always follow what they say.
If they say attack, you never stop attacking till there's a new instruction.
And this instruction is permanent.
There's no new instruction.
that is to the end of the world.
When the world is over, then the Great Commission is over.
Until the world has ended, this commission is on.
There's no new instruction for a Christian.
So 2020, as you can see, is going to be a great year of following this
great commission of doing the will of God and loving him with a great commission.
So number one is a commission to do what?
Of power.
Amen?
Power.
Beginning from 2020, power will be manifested in your life.
Number two,
It's a commission to go.
Number three.
How many are going to be mobile moving?
You know, Ghanians are very mobile, but mostly mobile to America, mobile to England, Germany, and where there's money, isn't it?
But we are now going to be mobile to wear, to the ends of the world, to all nations.
Islands.
Yeah.
Number four.
Commission to baptize.
How many are going to become Baptists this year?
Have you called your neighbor something the Baptist?
Call him again, something the Baptist.
Number six.
The Great Commission is a commission to go to all...
Which country are you going to live out?
I'm waiting... Brunei?
Saudi?
Kuwait?
Algeria?
Tunisia?
Mauritania?
All nations means all nations.
There'll be first lovers even in Mauritania.
There'll be first lovers in every country.
Every country is going to have first lovers.
Wow.
Chile.
Are you going to go to Chile?
Costa Rica, Puerto Rico, Kazakhstan, Bermuda, Uzbekistan.
You be there.
Put your feet down and say, I'll be there.
In the name of Jesus.
For holidays you'll be going but for great commission you'll also be going.
In the name of Jesus Christ.
And what's the next one on the great commission?
It's a commission of His presence.
How many want the presence of a demon in your life?
How many want the presence of the Holy Spirit in your life?
Yes.
How many are glad that He has told you what He likes?
Wow.
And then the next one is what?
Great commission.
To the end of the world.
Just to the end of the world.
Not the end.
So the end of the world.
The end of the world.
When that world ends.
The great commission ends.
Until it ends.
There will never be motivational.
Now it's time for money.
It's time for this.
It's time for that.
No.
This is what we do.
This is what we see the man.
In the name of Jesus.
Stand to your feet.
Now I want us to pray as we come to the end of our service
Throughout 2020, you will not need any form of medication.
Amen.
In the name of Jesus.
Just lift your hand and thank God for this prophecy over your life.
Mantake mola nambala mashatala babandala babaa.
Hallembre ketendala mazandole makashandale bekamanandere babaa.
in the name of Jesus Christ.
Throughout 2020, every negative medical diagnosis against you will be reverted and turned into a testimony in the name of Jesus Christ.
Lift up your hand and thank God for his blessing in 2020.
Now listen.
Let your hand and dedicate yourself and every first lover everywhere you are in the world to the great commission.
to every nation to obey him to the very end of the world.
Donna, we thank you as we enter 2020, the year of the Great Commission.
Thank you for the year of the Great Commission.
In the name of Jesus.
Every marital spell.
Yes.
Every spell.
Marital spell.
Yes.
Over your life.
is shattered by the anointing today.
Whatever prevents you from marrying and whatever prevents your marriage from working, it is broken today in the name of Jesus.
Lift your hand and thank the Lord.
Amen.
In the name of Jesus.
Every siege of stagnation, you'll no more be stagnating.
Every siege of failure, stagnation, inability to move forward is broken in 2020.
Lift your hand and pray and thank God for that.
I am I am
Yes.
Thank you Lord.
Throughout 2020, you'll be a source of
Lift your hand and thank God that you are now a source of light, inspiration, direction in the name of Jesus.
Hallelujah.
Have you got your oil?
Take your oil.
I'm going to pray for everybody now.
Put the oil on your palm like this.
If you don't have borough from somebody.
Now listen.
is on your neck.
The Bible says that by the anointing, the yoke is broken.
It's broken.
So anything that is on your neck, as this oil comes on you, anything that's dragging you down, destroying you by this anointing, you are coming out
in 2020.
In Jesus' name.
Yes.
Put the oil on your head.
Father, I thank you as we anoint and pray for everyone here.
2020 is an anointed year.
2020 is a year of
power working, things out.
2020 is a year of God's victory.
Coming on everyone who serves him.
2020 is a year of the power of God, turning things around.
Things that cannot turn to 10 in 2020.
Things that cannot yield, we yield in 2020.
Things that bring pain,
will be taken away in 2020.
Things that are wicked and difficult will be taken away in 2020.
From a series of victories, you are moving into the love of God.
Into the great commission.
And becoming a favorite child of God.
In the name of Jesus Christ, amen.
Go into the new year.
Leave behind whatever has destroyed you, whatever has hurt you, whatever has lowered you, whatever has spoiled your life, leave it behind.
Leave it behind.
and be turned into another man.
Another man.
By the anointing.
Become another man.
I prophesy, you are changed.
You are turned.
You are converted.
You are delivered.
You are converted into another man.
A different person by the anointing of the Holy Spirit.
In the name of Jesus.
Lift your hands in thanksgiving.
Whatever you couldn't do.
Whatever I couldn't do.
In 2019.
You do it and do it well in 2020.
In the name of Jesus.
Father I thank you.
Yes.
May there be a curse on liars according to Matthew 22 where Jesus said, if you have faith, you shall not only do what is done to this victory.
What did he do to the victory?
He cursed it.
Yes.
every tree of deception.
That is planted in my life.
May it wither.
Yes.
I curse it to die.
I curse it to fail.
I curse it to disappear.
In the name of Jesus Christ.
Let the curse be strong.
Let the curse be unyielding.
Let the curse be unrelenting.
When he escapes a lion, let him be bitten by a viper.
When escaping and says, I am free, let him be taken in a snare.
Whatever represents a deception and a liar in your life, in my life, I say you are finished.
In the name of Jesus Christ.
any form of wickedness in this church represented by criticisms, memorings, speaking against authority, ah, as Miriam became white with leprosy, so also may you be whitened with an incurable disease and never rise from your hospital bed in the name of
that have made themselves opposes and accuses.
Let them with that like the victory with that when Jesus spoke against it.
In the name of Jesus Christ.
Let all forms of wickedness, conspiracies, secret meetings, whisperings, telephone messages, text and WhatsApp messages.
of wickedness and conspiracies and phone calls.
Yes.
Let it turn into an explosion.
In the name of Jesus Christ.
We command thieves in our midst to be cursed.
We say let them wither.
Let them wither.
With an unrelenting curse.
I curse my liars.
I curse my deceivers.
I curse my
I say, they cannot flourish again.
Amen.
In the name of Jesus.
I lift your hand.
May you see good things.
Yes.
May you not see funerals.
May you not see sadness.
Amen.
May you not see sorrow.
may you be given anguish.
As you cause pain, may you be given pain.
As you bring difficulty.
Difficulty never departs from you.
In the name of Jesus.
Let
all in my life.
Those who can attack their father.
Let them be hanged by their words.
Let them be hanged by their tongues.
Let them be hung until they are finished.
In the name of Jesus.
I hang you.
Yes.
I hang
Whoever represents Lucifer in my life, separatists, causes of confusion in the family of God, wickedness.
May you be cast out and never recover from being cast out.
May your destiny be the destiny of Lucifer in the name of Jesus Christ.
against the women of Babylon who are trying the blood of the saints and are trying the blood of the servants of God.
Let her with her.
Amen.
For she said, I sit as a queen.
I shall see no evil but let evil be multiplied upon her in the name of Jesus.
Amen.
Whoever
a destroyer of God.
A speaker and a immoral agent of God.
May you wake up from 500 pounds.
May you become one-fifth of your size in the name of Jesus Christ.
Before you enter your grave, you will be unrecognized in the name of Jesus Christ.
every meeting.
Every meeting.
Private meeting.
Yes.
Discussion.
Deliberation.
Yes.
That is centered around me.
Those who criticize me.
I cast them in the name of Jesus Christ.
I challenge them in the spirit.
And I speak against all
to attack their father in the name of Jesus Christ.
Your story shall be like the story of the prodigal son.
You shall be left with nothing.
And you will come home to beg in the name of Jesus Christ.
Anyone here operating as a witch with spells to make people fall, to deceive, to
in the name of Jesus.
In the name of Jesus.
All of my enemies.
That's around me.
to destroy me.
In the name of Jesus Christ.
I've pronounced.
Yes.
They are dead certificates one by one.
In the name of Jesus Christ.
praying tongues everybody.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm
Yes.
2020.
It's a year of supernatural victories.
In the name of Jesus.
Over all types of enemies.
Wherever they are.
Whoever they are.
Whether they are spiritual, they are human beings, they are personalities, entities, men, women, boys,
I declared a year of supernatural victories in every battle against every type of class or form of enemy.
In the name of Jesus.
Let me hear your loudest amen.
Amen.
God bless you.